README.md, before:

# ApolloTickets - (Under Development)

#### MERN GraphQL Apollo Server / Apollo Client - Ticketing System

Fake company website - and ticketing system

## Todos

- App Styling
  - Responsive Styling
- ~~User Create (Agent Created User)~~
- ~~User Ticket Dashboard~~
- ~~Search Tickets~~
- Add Ticket fields
  - ~~Priority~~
- ~~BreadCrumbs~~
- ~~Ticket page Customer / Agent~~
- ~~Status chip for ticket table~~
- Protect ticket graphlql q/m
- ~~Fix Customer Bulk Ticket Update~~
- Fix Padding in Arrow in Status Selection List
- Dashboard Open Context?
- handle error
  - bad id
    - user
    - company
    - profile
    - ticket
- ~~format mongo dup errors on server~~
- ~~forgot password/reset password~~
  - ~~request reset on FE~~
  - ~~send token to email in link on BE~~
  - ~~send token from fe with updated password~~
  - ~~verify token and update password~~

## Feature Ideas

- ~~Add User Company Model~~
  - ~~CRUD~~
- Public Homepage
  - Products, Sales, Services etc Page
  - Public-facing blog
- Developer Portal?
- ~~Agent Private Comments~~
- Agent Groups
- Knowledge base for users
- Knowledge base for agents
- Agent Admin Dashboard
  - Delete Tickets
  - CRUD Users
- ingest email tickets?

Commit message:

Feature: ingest emails from emailbox as tickets
- user sends email to email box
- scheduler runs to check for new emails
- if theres a new email, it will parse the email
- if user is a new user it will create the user
- comment is created from email text
- then ticket is either created or updated with email comment

README.md, after:

# ApolloTickets - (Under Development)

#### MERN GraphQL Apollo Server / Apollo Client - Ticketing System

Fake company website - and ticketing system

## Todos

- App Styling
  - Responsive Styling
- ~~User Create (Agent Created User)~~
- ~~User Ticket Dashboard~~
- ~~Search Tickets~~
- Add Ticket fields
  - ~~Priority~~
- ~~BreadCrumbs~~
- ~~Ticket page Customer / Agent~~
- ~~Status chip for ticket table~~
- Protect ticket graphlql q/m
- ~~Fix Customer Bulk Ticket Update~~
- Fix Padding in Arrow in Status Selection List
- Dashboard Open Context?
- handle error
  - bad id
    - user
    - company
    - profile
    - ticket
- ~~format mongo dup errors on server~~
- ~~forgot password/reset password~~

  - ~~request reset on FE~~
  - ~~send token to email in link on BE~~
  - ~~send token from fe with updated password~~
  - ~~verify token and update password~~

- store comments in markdown
  - update ticket pages with markdown editor
  - update email ingester to convert text to markdown

## Feature Ideas

- ~~Add User Company Model~~
  - ~~CRUD~~
- Public Homepage
  - Products, Sales, Services etc Page
  - Public-facing blog
- Developer Portal?
- ~~Agent Private Comments~~
- Agent Groups
- Knowledge base for users
- Knowledge base for agents
- Agent Admin Dashboard
  - Delete Tickets
  - CRUD Users
- ~~ingest email tickets?~~
  - ~~ingest new email tickets
  - ~~allow for ticket code in subject comment on ticket~~
- Send email on ticket update to requester
  - allow for user to reply to the email
    - ingest only the user's reply (reply above line or something)
